docs(other-api): fix grammar + typos (#10654)
remix-run/remix: docs/other-api/testing.md

# `@remix-run/testing`

> This package contains utilities to help in unit testing portions of your Remix application. This is achieved by mocking the Remix route modules/assets manifest output by the compiler and generating an in-memory React Router app via [createMemoryRouter][create-memory-router].

Author: ```suggestion
This package contains utilities to assist in unit testing portions of your Remix application. This is accomplished by mocking the Remix route modules/assets manifest output by the compiler and generating an in-memory React Router app via [createMemoryRouter][create-memory-router].
```
